Add "@tailwindcssinjs/macro" (#223)
aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss: readme.md

- 🌍🔧 [TailwindCSS Palette Generator](https://tailwindcss-palette-generator.coderello.com/) - Palette generator for Tailwind CSS (online).
- 💼 [@nuxtjs/tailwindcss](https://github.com/nuxt-community/tailwindcss-module) - Tailwind CSS module for NuxtJS with PurgeCSS and modern CSS (preset env 1).
- 💼 [preact-cli-tailwind](https://github.com/agneym/preact-cli-tailwind) - Adds Tailwind CSS module as PostCSS plugin and sets up PurgeCSS in production for PreactJS CLI Projects.

> - 💼🔧 [@tailwindcssinjs/macro](https://github.com/Arthie/tailwindcssinjs) - Babel macro that transforms Tailwind CSS classes into css object styles for css-in-js libraries.

Reviewer: That looks really nice! May you correct this before I merge, though?

```suggestion
+ 💼🔧 [@tailwindcssinjs/macro](https://github.com/Arthie/tailwindcssinjs) - Babel macro that transforms Tailwind CSS classes into objects for CSS-in-JS libraries.
```

Author: Ok fixed!
